README.md, before:

# Resource Check

In the HPC systems, you need some scripts or tools to check system resources. For this purpose, I gather number of scripts to check if the resources and libraries are available in the session I'm in.


	├── README.md
	├── tf_check
	│   ├── if_tf_installed.py
	│   └── if_tf_installed_and_available_ram.py
	└── torch_check
	    ├── if_torch_installed.py
	    └── if_torch_installed_and_available_ram.py


I checked these scripts on Linux-based OS's and MacOS systems. Expected outputs are as follow;

```bash
(venv) $ python torch_check/if_torch_installed.py
PyTorch is installed. Version: 2.5.1
```

```bash
# Expected result from Apple Silicon
(venv) $ python torch_check/if_torch_installed_and_available_ram.py
PyTorch is installed. Version: 2.5.1
Available devices with memory:
- CPU: 36.00 GB RAM
- Apple MPS (Metal Performance Shaders): 36.00 GB RAM
```

```bash
# Expected result from Linux-based OS
(venv) $ python torch_check/if_torch_installed_and_available_ram.py
PyTorch is installed. Version: 2.5.0
Available devices with memory:
- CPU: 62.63 GB RAM
- NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 Ti: 10.75 GB VRAM
```


```bash
(venv) $ python tf_check/if_tf_installed_and_available_ram.py
TensorFlow is installed. Version: 2.17.0
Available devices with memory:
- CPU: 62.63 GB RAM
- NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 Ti: 11264.0 MiB VRAM
```

Commit message:

README.md is updated with SLURM submissions

README.md, after:

# Resource Check

In the HPC systems, you need some scripts or tools to check system resources. For this purpose, I gather number of scripts to check if the resources and libraries are available in the session I'm in.


	├── README.md
	├── tf_check
	│   ├── if_tf_installed.py
	│   ├── if_tf_installed_and_available_ram.py
	│   └── if_tf_installed_and_available_ram.slurm
	└── torch_check
	    ├── if_torch_installed.py
	    ├── if_torch_installed_and_available_ram.py
	    └── if_torch_installed_and_available_ram.slurm


I checked these scripts on Linux-based OS's and MacOS systems. Expected outputs are as follow;

```bash
(venv) $ python torch_check/if_torch_installed.py
PyTorch is installed. Version: 2.5.1
```

```bash
# Expected result from Apple Silicon
(venv) $ python torch_check/if_torch_installed_and_available_ram.py
PyTorch is installed. Version: 2.5.1
Available devices with memory:
- CPU: 36.00 GB RAM
- Apple MPS (Metal Performance Shaders): 36.00 GB RAM
```

```bash
# Expected result from Linux-based OS
(venv) $ python torch_check/if_torch_installed_and_available_ram.py
PyTorch is installed. Version: 2.5.0
Available devices with memory:
- CPU: 62.63 GB RAM
- NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 Ti: 10.75 GB VRAM
```


```bash
(venv) $ python tf_check/if_tf_installed_and_available_ram.py
TensorFlow is installed. Version: 2.17.0
Available devices with memory:
- CPU: 62.63 GB RAM
- NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 Ti: 11264.0 MiB VRAM
```


In case you submit SLURM jobs in an HPC system
```bash
sbatch tf_check/if_tf_installed_and_available_ram.slurm
```

or


```bash
sbatch torch_check/if_torch_installed_and_available_ram.slurm
```
